Wait, you're that
traveling performer!
-Be more careful.
-Hey, wait!
Huh?
Wait, this is--
(soft music)
Hey, there!
What's up?
I merely wanted to
express my gratitude.
I have to say, you've been
awfully kind to Naruto,
even though you just met him.
Oh, he just reminds of
someone I knew in the past.
Yes, of course, I see, I see!
In the past, huh?
Sorry, but I'm in a hurry.
Oh, and by the way, do you
happen to be Sasuke Uchiha?
(suspenseful beat)
(soft music)
-(chuckles)
-Nah, just kidding!
There's no way you
could be him, right?
(chuckles)
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(air whooshing)
(knocking on branches)
(birds chirping)
[Boruto] Found 'ya!
Oh, it's you.
(giggles)
-Hey, so, what is it?
-No, go ahead.
-You go first, 'ya know!
(snorting)
(laughing)
Sorry for earlier!
And for leaving in the
middle of training.
No, I should be saying
sorry for hurting you.
Oh, don't worry about
it, it's nothing.
I mean, look, I know you
didn't do it on purpose.
Besides, I figure
it won't matter
if I get stronger than you.
(lively music)
Okay, no more wasting time!
Let's keep on training.
(grunts)
-(chuckles)
-Yeah!
If we don't, then we won't
be able to beat up Urashiki.
Hey, you're right!
I was actually just about to say
the very same thing, ya know!
(lively music)
All right, come on!
We'd better get started, then!
(giggling)
(birds chirping)
I didn't sense any pretense
or reluctance in your efforts
to save Naruto during the
last battle that we fought.
But still, the fact remains
that I don't know
your real identities.
So, why don't we make a deal?
I'll agree not to delve into
your identities any further
if you give me your
intel on Urashiki.
You know, you wash my
back and I'll wash yours!
If we gave you the wrong
impression, I'm sorry.
I guess we have a deal!
All right, then,
what about Urashiki?
Have you sensed his presence
since the fight earlier?
No, I haven't yet.
But he's here in order to
get his hands on chakra.
And his main goal is the Nine
Tails' massive amount of it.
I see.
Sorry we lied about
being performers.
We're in a position
where we can't let
anyone know who we are.
That said, our wish
to protect Naruto
from Urashiki is genuine.
If Urashiki is able to
get ahold of Nine Tails,
there's no future
for us as shinobi.
Well, then,
we're just going to have
to do everything we can
in order to protect Naruto
and stop the Nine
Tails from being taken.
Thanks to your Sealing Jutsu,
we now know we can
block Urashiki's
chakra-extracting jutsu.
Although, even so, my
jutsu's not foolproof.
Also, the Sealing Jutsu on
Naruto is a special one.
Still, when he's under
Nine Tails Transformation,
some of his chakra can
nonetheless be extracted.
What other jutsu does
Urashiki possess?
For one, he's able to teleport
using a special jutsu.
Huh?
Is it a type of
Transportation Technique?
If so, then that's
very troublesome.
It means that we
won't be able to tell
where he's coming from.
[Sasuke] Yeah.
But when he uses that
jutsu, I'm able to sense it.
Oh?
[Sasuke] We're not
sure about this,
but he may have other
powers, as well.
Huh.
So, the enemy has
unknown variables, huh?
Well, in any case,
we're going to need to
put together a strategy
to protect Naruto and the
Nine Tails from Urashiki.
[Sasuke] How's their
training going?
I'm not sure how
this is gonna end up.
Especially since Naruto
isn't that adept.
A Collaboration Jutsu
might not happen.
However, children are
unknown variables.
Boruto and Naruto are similar
beyond just their
Chakra Natures.
The both of them are good,
strong, and honest kids.
(Sasuke scoffs)
The thing is you really
can't give it your all
while you're training
if you're hungry!
-(laughing)
-Looks good!
Ramen again?
Yeah, but the ramen here is
seriously really awesome!
Of course, instant
ramen is awesome, too!
Thank you for the food!
(slurping)
So good!
And Granny Tsunade
mentioned a genin
who deserted the Leaf.
It was you, right?
Why?
[Sasuke] Because back then, I
couldn't see another choice.
Hey, can I ask you something?
Mm-hm.
So, why did your friend
leave the village, anyway?
Wait, why do you
wanna know about that?
It's been bugging
me, that's all.
I mean, he's a genin of
the Leaf Village, right?
So, there must've
been a big reason
for him to desert the village.
He said that it was so he'd
be able to obtain more power.
The entire Uchiha Clan,
his whole family was
totally annihilated.
He's the last one left,
the only survivor.
That's the reason
why he went out there
looking to make
himself stronger,
so that he can avenge his Clan.
That's just--
But to desert the
village like that--
He said severing our bond
and the pain of solitude
is the thing that's going
to make him stronger.
That's why he severed
his bond with me,
with every one of us,
to gain more power.
We tried really
hard to stop him.
But still, in the end,
he wound up going to
Orochimaru anyway.
Orochimaru?
You mean--
But why would you
go to such lengths
to bring Sasuke
back to the Village?
He's someone I'd finally
made a bond with.
What do you mean?
I don't actually have
any parents or siblings,
so I can't really say
for sure what it's like.
But after being on the
same team as Sasuke,
I felt that maybe that's what
it's like to have a brother.
That's why I've
gotta get stronger
so that I can bring Sasuke back.
That's the reason I'm
training with Pervy Sage.
I just need to beat
some sense into Sasuke
and get him to open up his eyes.
And then, I gotta bring
him back to the Leaf,
because he's my friend.
And that's the reason
why I don't have the time
to be dealing with that
Urashiki guy, ya know!
Come on!
Let's eat up and get
back to our training!
(giggling)
(slurping)
Yeah, all right!
Thank you for the food!
This is really good!
[Naruto] I know, right?
[Jiraiya] So, you aren't able
to fight at full strength
yet, is that right?
Yeah, thanks to
your Sealing Jutsu,
he wasn't able to
steal my chakra
the same way he did last time.
But, still, I haven't
replenished the chakra
he extracted during
our previous fight yet.
Yes, I see.
[Sasuke] He could actually see
that I still wasn't
at full strength.
Interesting.
All right, just a
little while ago,
you told me that Urashiki
has special jutsu,
isn't that right?
Yeah.
Okay, in that case,
if you can block him
from using his jutsu,
while he's busy
dealing with you,
I should be able to use
my Sealing Jutsu on him.
And then I can blow him
away with a Toad Oil Bomb.
Of course, having said that,
it appeared that he's
extremely experienced,
which means ordinary
tactics aren't gonna work.
[Sasuke] If I could only
infuse my chakra even a little!
The reality is that we don't
have much of a countermeasure.
Right.
(dramatic music)
The view from up here
is truly incredible,
but it's probably time
for me to get moving.
(air whooshing)
(dramatic music)
Soon, I'll have all of
the Nine Tails' Chakra.
(giggling)
Aw, come on!
You're not even trying to
sync up with me, are you?
You're still just infusing
your chakra all willy-nilly!
Huh?
No, I'm doing it,
I'm telling you!
[Boruto] Let's just try again!
(clattering)
(grunting)
-(popping)
-(gasping)
(thumping)
(sighing)
Damn it!
How are we supposed to do this?
It's supposed to work if we're
doing it like the Rasengan!
(Naruto grunts)
(wind blowing)
That's it!
Hey, Boruto!
C'mere, give me your hand.
(chuckles)
-What for?
-Don't worry about it!
What are you doing, anyway?
Why did you draw
the Leaf symbol?
We should both visualize
concentrating our
chakra right there.
Oh, I get it!
The two of us just have to
focus on infusing our chakra
on one target!
That's right, ya know!
-Now, let's go!
-Right!
(lively music)
(grunting)
(groaning)
No good!
I'm out of chakra!
Ah!
-Yeah, but--
-(both chuckle)
-We're close!
Just a little bit more!
I didn't feel any
resistance that time.
You sure come with good ideas,
and that was a great one!
-(giggling)
-Of course it was!
[Sakura] There you are!
Huh?
[Naruto] Oh, hey, Sakura!
All right, you,
I've got a question.
Huh?
What's up?
Okay, the guy you're
with dropped this
when I ran into him earlier.
Huh?
I can only read some of it,
but I can make out "Boru,"
"Sasuke," "borrow
from," "love, Sarada."
[Boruto] Oh no, this is bad.
That's probably a note that
Sarada wrote to Sasuke!
I don't understand
it all but look here.
That word there, it definitely
says Sasuke, doesn't it?
Do you know something
about Sasuke?
Oh--
All that we really
know about you two guys
is that you're nameless
traveling performers
who haven't even performed!
So, just who are you
and why are you here?
Hey, c'mon Sakura,
there's no need to ask so
many questions all at once.
Besides, there's no way
that he could know
anything about Sasuke!
You stay out of this, Naruto!
All right, look, then
just answer me this,
do you know Sasuke or not?
Do you?
No, I don't think so.
I just--
How can I talk my way
outta this, ya know?
Hey, can I see
that for a second?
(playful music)
Oh, maybe it's someone
else named Sasuke?
I'm not sure about that, though.
Oh, man, you had me
going for a second.
(Boruto giggles)
Oh, but that's not--
(playful music)
We really are just a couple
of traveling performers.
Seriously, believe me, we
don't know your friend at all!
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Okay, thanks, sorry
for bothering you.
Sakura, you--
[Boruto] Sakura's trying
to get Sasuke back, too,
just like Dad is.
But I can't tell them the truth!
[Sakura] I guess
I'm just gonna have
to ask him directly, after all.
(bird cooing)
Ah!
I'm totally wrecked
from today, ya know!
[Shikamaru] Hey, Naruto!
-Mm?
[Naruto] Shikamaru!
Hey.
What are the two of you
guys up to right now?
Oh, we were just--
Oh, rehearsing a performance!
-Yeah?
-So, how's it going?
Well, it's been going
really great, right?
Yeah!
Well, that's good to hear.
So, anyway, are you guys
gonna have dinner here, too?
Nope, that's not for us!
We're always gonna choose
to have ramen over
barbecue, ya know!
What?
We had ramen earlier!
Please, I beg you,
no more for a while!
What?
What's the matter
with ramen, huh?
You're really gonna
eat ramen again?
So, what?
Don't you feel
bad making him eat
the same thing all the time?
Mm-hm.
It is tough to eat
ramen every day.
What's wrong with that, huh?
(groaning)
(playful music)
Don't worry, just treat them!
Choji's with us, so it's
gonna cost a lot anyway.
Okay, we'll have
the prime sirloin
and deluxe kalbi
for six, please!
All right!
-(food sizzling)
-(cheerful music)
Wow, this is so good!
I was getting bored
of ramen, ya know!
Come on, I can eat
ramen for every meal!
Listen, if you go too slow,
Choji'll eat everything.
Yeah, he's right, we
gotta eat our fill, too!
(munching)
[Boruto] I guess he's always
had a healthy appetite.
-Naruto.
-Mm?
If something's up, tell us,
before things turn
into a real drag.
Yeah.
Don't worry, I know that.
(scoffs)
(soft music)
So that I can bring Sasuke back.
I just need to beat
some sense into Sasuke
and get him to open up his eyes!
And then, I gotta bring
him back to the Leaf,
because he's my friend.
(soft music)
(air whooshing)
-(groaning)
-Didn't work, Huh?
Damn it!
We can't get it to break.
(air whooshing)
-Hm?
-Huh?
(chuckling)
He's here!
It's him!
I figured that it was about
time to harvest your chakra.
We won't let you!
This isn't gonna go
down like last time!
-Are you kidding me?
-C'mon!
(grunting)
You really are quite an idiot!
-(air whooshing)
-Ah!
Don't charge in, or you'll
get caught like the last time!
Yeah, I know that, but--
We've gotta be really cautious!
Okay!
(chuckling)
(fire whooshing)
(fire striking)
-(electricity buzzing)
-Ah!
(electricity buzzing)
[Boruto] Ah!
I'm definitely going
to take it this time.
(lively music)
Go!
Get away!
(lively music)
(groans)
Damn it!
No, stop!
[Jiraiya] Fire
style, flame bombs!
(fire whooshing)
(metallic clunk)
(chuckling)
(electricity buzzing)
So, tell me, how does
it feel to be attacked
by a jutsu that
was taken from you?
And I've got a lot
more left, too!
(grunting)
You're too slow.
-(striking)
-(grunting)
-Pervy Sage!
-(Urashiki chuckles)
Oh, no, you don't!
(air whooshing)
I can see it.
(lively music)
Don't you fools get it yet?
My eyes are able to
see into the future.
Now, let's end all
this, shall we?
(suspenseful music)
(chuckles)
Just give it up, already.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(lively music)
[Naruto] Do you
believe that Urashiki
can actually see the future?
[Boruto] It makes sense if
he has a jutsu like that
in addition to his
Transportation Technique.
[Jiraiya] Regardless of who
this Urashiki guy might be,
I've never even heard of a
jutsu that would give someone
the ability to see
into the future.
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
"The Power to See the Future."
How is Urashiki able to
evade our attacks so easily?
(dramatic beat)
(singing in Japanesee)